jenv: add page (#4529)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/jenv.md

# jenv

> > JEnv is a command line tool to help you forget how to set the "JAVA_HOME" environment variable.

Reviewer: Generally we try to avoid the 2nd person (e.g. `you`, `your`, etc) in tldr-pages :slightly_smiling_face:
```suggestion
> Command line tool to manage the "JAVA_HOME" environment variable.
```

> More information: <https://www.jenv.be/>.

- Add a java version to jEnv:

`jenv add {{path/to/jdk_home}}`

> - Display current JDK version used:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Display the current JDK version used:
```

`jenv version`

- Display all managed JDKs:

`jenv versions`

- Set the global JDK version:

> `jenv global {{java version}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`jenv global {{java_version}}`
```

> - Set JDK version for current shell session:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Set the JDK version for the current shell session:
```

> `jenv shell {{java version}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`jenv shell {{java_version}}`
```

> - To enable a jEnv plugin:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Enable a jEnv plugin:
```

> `jenv enable-plugin {{plugin name}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`jenv enable-plugin {{plugin_name}}`
```
